In the previous video, we have
done configuring BGP on 2 router.
Next in this video, we are going to
add 1 new router to our topology.
Let’s just start, let’s import 1 new
router, the name let’s say router 3.
Let’s also import new pc.
We will need to connecting router 2 and
router 3, so let’s add interface on router 2,
save the configuration, go to physical,
shutdown the router, add new
interface, and then turn on the router.
Now let’s connecting router 2 and router 3.
And also connecting router 3 and pc 3.
For the ip addressing, here in router 2,
let’s say the ip address is 10.10.10.5/30,
and in router 3, the ip address is 10.10.10.6/30,
Let’s start the configuration, enable,
configure terminal, interface fa1/0,
no shutdown, the ip address
is 10.10.10.5 255.255.255.252.
Next, let’s configure router 3,
enable, configure terminal,
let’s start with fa0/0.
So interface fa0/0, no shutdown, ip
address 10.10.10.6 255.255.255.252.
Next for fa0/1, the ip address will be
192.168.3.1/24, and pc 3 will be 192.168.3.2/24.
Interface fa0/1, no shutdown, ip
address 192.168.3.1 255.255.255.0,
Last, let’s configure the ip address of pc 3,
the ip address is 192.168.3.2,
and the gateway is 192.168.3.1
Okay now we have done add 1
new router to our topology.
I think enough for this video, in the next
video we are going to configure BGP so pc 3
will able to communicate with pc 1 and pc 2.
Thankyou for watching and see you on the next video.